Tier: 1-Beginner - Calculator App

Overview:
    Binary is the number system all digital computers are based on. Therefore it's
    important for developers to understand binary, or base 2, mathematics. The purpose
    of Bin2Dec is to provide practice and understanding of how binary calculations.
    Bin2Dec allows the user to enter strings of up to 8 binary digits, 0's and 1's,
    in any sequence and then displays its decimal equivalent.

Requirements:
    - Arrays may not be used to contain the binary digits entered by the user
    - Determining the decimal equivalent of a particular binary digit in the sequence
      must be calculated using a single mathematical function, for example the natural
      logarithm. It's up to you to figure out which function to use.

Features:
    - User can enter up to 8 binary digits in one input field
    - User must be notified if anything other than a 0 or 1 was entered
    - User views the results in a single output field containing the decimal (base 10)
      equivalent of the binary number that was entered
    - User can enter a variable number of binary digits

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_number

Calculator
Tier: 1-Beginner

Calculators are not only one of the most useful tools available, but they are also a great way to understand UI and event processing in an application. In this problem you will create a calculator that supports basic arithmetic calculations on integers.

The styling is up to you so use your imagination and get creative! You might also find it worth your time to experiment with the calculator app on your mobile device to better understand basic functionality and edge cases.

Constraints
You may not use the eval() function to execute calculations
User Stories
 User can see a display showing the current number entered or the result of the last operation.
 User can see an entry pad containing buttons for the digits 0-9, operations - '+', '-', '/', and '=', a 'C' button (for clear), and an 'AC' button (for clear all).
 User can enter numbers as sequences up to 8 digits long by clicking on digits in the entry pad. Entry of any digits more than 8 will be ignored.
 User can click on an operation button to display the result of that operation on:
the result of the preceding operation and the last number entered OR
the last two numbers entered OR
the last number entered
 User can click the 'C' button to clear the last number or the last operation. If the users last entry was an operation the display will be updated to the value that preceded it.
 User can click the 'AC' button to clear all internal work areas and to set the display to 0.
 User can see 'ERR' displayed if any operation would exceed the 8 digit maximum.
Bonus features
 User can click a '+/-' button to change the sign of the number that is currently displayed.
 User can see a decimal point ('.') button on the entry pad to that allows floating point numbers up to 3 places to be entered and operations to be carried out to the maximum number of decimal places entered for any one number.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calculator
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/